ProjectPlan.md, before:

# Project Plan
## Project Plan Brief

 What are the different tasks that you need to do to complete the project, what order do they need to happen in   and who is going to work on each one.

 ## Git Flow
 1. Create and push `develop` branch to repo
 2. Checkout feature branches for each topic from `develop` branch (`git checkout -b [branch name]`
 3. Commit and push changes to relevant feature branch (`git add [file name]`, `git commit -m "[commit message]"`, `git push`)
 4. Open pull request to `develop` branch for review
 5. Address any comments to pull request before merging into `develop` branch
 6. Ensure all local branches are up-to-date with remote (`git pull`)
    
 ## Tasks and Assignments

 ### Task Estimation in Scrum (Jeff)
1. 

 ### Code Reviews (Hannah)
1. Research code review process and best practices
2. Summarise research into guidelines
3. Provide references
4. Ensure format is standardised across handbook
5. Contribute to feeback on other team members' pull requests
6. Review and merge pull requests related to `code-review` branch

 ### Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) (Daniel)

 1. Research on Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD).
2. Identify quality resources related to CI/CD.
3. Write a introduction to CI/CD and what it entails.
4. Summarize the guidelines in bullet points/diagrams.
5. Highlight bad practices to avoid and good practices to follow.
6. Provide Refrences
7. Contribute to feedback on other team members' pull requests.
8. Review and merge pull requests related to CI/CD.


## Review and Feedback

All team members must read other team member's work and provide feedback on each other's pull requests. Each pull request must be reviewed by a team member before it can be merged into the develop branch. Team members are also responsible for merging their own pull requests after they have been approved.

## Final Review
Once all the sections have been written, reviewed, and merged into the develop branch, the team will collectively review the entire handbook.

## For Next Time
At the end of the project, each team member should reflect and think what they could have done differently.

## Individual Contributions

Table ruberic summarizing individual contributions and confirmations

Commit message:

added my my part to the project plan

ProjectPlan.md, after:

# Project Plan
## Project Plan Brief

 What are the different tasks that you need to do to complete the project, what order do they need to happen in   and who is going to work on each one.

 ## Git Flow
 1. Create and push `develop` branch to repo
 2. Checkout feature branches for each topic from `develop` branch (`git checkout -b [branch name]`
 3. Commit and push changes to relevant feature branch (`git add [file name]`, `git commit -m "[commit message]"`, `git push`)
 4. Open pull request to `develop` branch for review
 5. Address any comments to pull request before merging into `develop` branch
 6. Ensure all local branches are up-to-date with remote (`git pull`)
    
 ## Tasks and Assignments

 ### Task Estimation in Scrum (Jeff)
1. Research on Tasks estimation
2. summarised the benefits of a estimating tasks properly.
3. added some well known techniques used to estimate tasks.
4. provided references
5. contributed feedback to code review feature branch
6. Review and merge pull request related to `task estimation` and `code-review`.

 ### Code Reviews (Hannah)
1. Researched code review process and best practices
2. Summarise research into guidelines
3. Provide references
4. Ensure format is standardised across handbook
5. Contribute to feeback on other team members' pull requests
6. Review and merge pull requests related to `code-review` branch

 ### Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) (Daniel)

 1. Research on Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD).
2. Identify quality resources related to CI/CD.
3. Write a introduction to CI/CD and what it entails.
4. Summarize the guidelines in bullet points/diagrams.
5. Highlight bad practices to avoid and good practices to follow.
6. Provide Refrences
7. Contribute to feedback on other team members' pull requests.
8. Review and merge pull requests related to CI/CD.


## Review and Feedback

All team members must read other team member's work and provide feedback on each other's pull requests. Each pull request must be reviewed by a team member before it can be merged into the develop branch. Team members are also responsible for merging their own pull requests after they have been approved.

## Final Review
Once all the sections have been written, reviewed, and merged into the develop branch, the team will collectively review the entire handbook.

## For Next Time
At the end of the project, each team member should reflect and think what they could have done differently.

## Individual Contributions

Table ruberic summarizing individual contributions and confirmations
